Add docs for Microsoft Teams (#370)
fluxcd/notification-controller: docs/spec/v1beta1/provider.md

* All messages are posted with the app username, and not the name of the controller (e.g. `helm-controller`, `source-controller`)

To enable the Slack App, the secret must contain the URL of the [chat.postMessage](https://api.slack.com/methods/chat.postMessage)
method and your Slack bot token (starts with `xoxb-`):

```shell
kubectl create secret generic slack-token \
--from-literal=address=https://slack.com/api/chat.postMessage \
--from-literal=token=xoxb-YOUR-TOKEN
```

Then reference this secret in `spec.secretRef`:

```yaml
apiVersion: notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta1
kind: Provider
metadata:
  name: slack
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: slack
  channel: general
  # HTTP(S) proxy (optional)
  proxy: https://proxy.corp:8080
  # secret containing Slack API address and token
  secretRef:
    name: slack-token
```

### MS Teams

Create an incoming webhook on the Microsoft Teams UI:

1. Open the settings of the channel you want the notifications to be sent to.
2. Click on `Connectors`.
3. Click on the `Add` button for Incoming Webhook.
4. Click on Configure and copy the webhook url given.

> 

Reviewer: @somtochiama 
>  Are there any other parts that you think are missing?

Right, so this step-by-step was replaced with links in [the new doc](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/notification/provider/#microsoft-teams-example):

> create a Secret with [the address](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/notification/provider/#address-example) set to the [webhook URL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook#create-incoming-webhooks-1)

The only suggestion I could have is to keep the step by step form as the current single sentence "To configure a..." is not quite explicit, especially to newbies like myself. So, I would go for something like this:

1. Create an [incoming webhook](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook?tabs=dotnet#create-incoming-webhooks-1) on the Microsoft Teams and copy the webhook URL.
2. Create a Secret with [the address](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/notification/provider/#address-example) set to the webhook URL.
3. Create a Provider for Microsoft Teams with a [Secret reference](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/notification/provider/#address-example):
    ```
    ---
    apiVersion: notification.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2
    kind: Provider
    ...
    ```

  secretRef:
    name: slack-token
```
### MS Teams

> On the Microsoft Teams UI,

Reviewer 2: Please add a new line after this, so it will render nicely on fluxcd.io

- Open the settings of the channel you want the notifications to be sent to.
- Click on `Connectors`.
- Click on the `Add` button for Incoming Webhook.

> - Click on Configure and copy the webhook url given.

Reviewer 3: nit: this might better be a numbered list.

> See documentation [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
See the [documentation of MS Teams Incoming Webhooks](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/platform/webhooks-and-connectors/how-to/add-incoming-webhook) for further information.
```
